So this is what's called the beef clod
or beef shoulder clod muscle.
This is the upper shoulder muscle or
upper arm muscle of the animal.
This particular muscle holds up the
the heaviest part of the animal.
And so therefore,
it does an enormous amount of work.
And it's generally associated
with being quite tough.
It is tough, but
it's also wonderfully flavorful.
So one of the beauties of this particular
muscle is that it can be used
in a lot of different fashions.
One, we can we can trim off
some of this silver
skin along the exterior of it.
And this silver skin will,
just even when we're finished cooking it,
it would make the muscles seem
a little unduly tough.
So that is the reason
why we would normally feather this.
This particular part of the clod off.
But it's very common
to tie this into a roast
and then use it as a pot roast as well.
Excellent muscle to cut stew from.
And finally, this is an outstanding
section to put into a grinder.
You'll make some of your most flavorful
burgers, meatballs, sausages
from muscles that are that have seen
a lot of work , that you'll get some oats
and some really, really deep flavor
from this particular muscle.